Create clear-external-artifacts-cache-command.md (#1853)
MicrosoftDocs/dataexplorer-docs: data-explorer/kusto/management/clear-external-artifacts-cache-command.md

---
title: .clear cluster cache external-artifacts command
description: Learn how to use the `.clear cluster cache external-artifacts` command to clear cached external-artifacts of language plugins.
ms.reviewer: 
ms.topic: reference

> ms.date: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ms.date: 06/26/2023
```

---
# .clear cluster cache external-artifacts command

Clears cached external-artifacts of language plugins.  

> This command can be typically used in cases where you update your external-artifact files in your external storage, while the cache still holds the old ones. In such a case this command clears the cache entries and ensures your next queries run with the updated artifacts.  
> learn more about [language extensions on your cluster](../language-extensions.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```suggestion

The command is useful when you update external-artifact files stored in external storage, while the cache retains the previous versions. In such scenarios, executing this command will clear the cache entries and ensure that subsequent queries run with the latest version of the artifacts.
```

## Permissions

You must have at least [Database Admin](access-control/role-based-access-control.md) permissions to run this command.

## Syntax

> `.clear` `cluster` `cache` `external-artifacts` *ArrayOfArtifactsURIs*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`.clear` `cluster` `cache` `external-artifacts` `(` *ArtifactURI* `,` ... `)`
```

## Parameters

| Name | Type | Required | Description |
|--|--|--|--|

> | *ArrayOfArtifactsURIs* | `string` | &check;  | An array with one or more external-artifact URI |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| *ArtifactURI* | `string` | &check;  | The URI for the external-artifact to clear from the cache. |
```

## Returns

This command returns a table with the following columns:

|Column    |Type    |Description
|---|---|---

> |ExternalArtifactUri|`string`|The external artifact URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ExternalArtifactUri|`string`|The external artifact URI.|
```

> |ExternalArtifactUri|`string`|The external artifact URI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|ExternalArtifactUri|`string`|The external artifact URI.
```

|State|`string`|The result of the clear operation on the external artifact.

## Example

```kusto
.clear cluster cache external-artifacts ("https://kustoscriptsamples.blob.core.windows.net/samples/R/sample_script.r", "https://kustoscriptsamples.blob.core.windows.net/samples/python/sample_script.py")
```

|ExternalArtifactUri|State|
|---|---|
|https://kustoscriptsamples.blob.core.windows.net/samples/R/sample_script.r|Cleared successfully on all nodes
|https://kustoscriptsamples.blob.core.windows.net/samples/python/sample_script.py|Cleared successfully on all nodes

> 	

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## See also

* [Manage language extensions in your Azure Data Explorer cluster](../language-extensions.md)
```
